set the configured protocol transport for service metadata (#9490)
owncloud/ocis: services/gateway/README.md

  -   When using `nats-js-kv` it is recommended to set `OCIS_CACHE_STORE_NODES` to the same value as `OCIS_EVENTS_ENDPOINT`. That way the cache uses the same nats instance as the event bus.
  -   When using the `nats-js-kv` store, it is possible to set `OCIS_CACHE_DISABLE_PERSISTENCE` to instruct nats to not persist cache data on disc.

## Service endpoints

> The gatepway acts as a facade for other CS3 services. As such it has to forward requests to a lot of services and needs to establish connections by looking up the IP address using the service registry. Instead of using the service registry each endpoint can also be configured to use the grpc `dns://` or `kubernetes://` URLs, which might be useful when running in kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The gateway acts as a proxy for other CS3 services. As such it has to forward requests to a lot of services and needs to establish connections by looking up the IP address using the service registry. Instead of using the service registry each endpoint can also be configured to use the grpc `dns://` or `kubernetes://` URLs, which might be useful when running in kubernetes.
```
`facade` does not sound that good, using proxy instead.
